{
"page_content":"Structured conversation Communication should be logical: from greeting and clarifying the purpose of the conversation to the essence of the issue and a clear summary and farewell. Focus on solving the customer's problem The main goal is to help the customer and resolve their issue. The consultant is results-oriented, provides specific solutions, and does not engage in general discussions. Emotional control In any situation, the consultant remains calm and friendly, even if the customer shows irritation or negativity. Compliance with regulations The consultant must follow the bank's internal standards, including regulations on handling complaints, products, and providing information. 2. Requirements for verbal, non-verbal and paralinguistic signals in telephone communication The correct use of speech and voice signals helps consultants sound confident, professional and trustworthy to customers. Although customers cannot see consultants on the phone, intonation, tone and speed of speech play a decisive role. Basic requirements: Types of signals Requirements Verbal signals Use polite phrases: "Please," "Would you mind," "May I clarify," "Thank you for waiting." Speak clearly and concisely, avoiding complex or specific terms. Start the conversation with a greeting and introduction: "Hello, my name is ..., Mortgage Bank." Be sure to address the customer by name during the conversation. Confirm information: "Am I correct in understanding that you need...?", "Have I understood you correctly?" Paralinguistic signals Use a friendly and welcoming tone, even if the customer is neutral. Speak at a moderate pace: do not rush or drag out words. Approximately 100-120 words per minute. Speak confidently, avoid phrases that express doubt: "I think...", "Probably...", "It seems like...". Instead, say: "Let me clarify", "The correct information is...". Be clear and articulate, do not slur your words."
"metadata":{
"page_number":69
"minio_object":"02d67349-1c1b-46e3-92df-9b587e38701b/ENG_ЕДИНЫЙ СТ…"
"doc_id":"02d67349-1c1b-46e3-92df-9b587e38701b"
"source_file":"ENG_ЕДИНЫЙ СТАНДАРТ РАБОТЫ.pdf"
}
}
